- [Kathy] As you go forward with your work
to master Spring performance,
here are some extremely valuable resources
that I would like to recommend.
LinkedIn Learning provides outstanding courses
for expanding your Spring expertise.
To follow up on our discussion of hibernate performance,
I highly recommend the course
Java Database Access with Hibernate.
You can go deeper on JVM performance with the course
Java Memory Management.
For an all around survey of Spring Boot,
check out the Spring Boot 1.0 Essential Training.
Finally, the Spring Actuator documentation
is outstanding and easy to navigate.
Here, you will find detailed implementation details
to extend our work on Spring Actuator in this course.